---
layout: default
---
<!DOCTYPE html/>

<html>

<head>
  <title>Meeting Notes</title>
</head>

<body>
  <h1>Meeting Notes</h1>

    <ul>Meeting Information
      <li>Date: 9/9/2020</li>
      <li>Members in attendance: All</li>
      <li>Time: 5:00pm-6:30pm</li>
      <li>
          <p>Contents: Github repository with all team members added. Topic chosen as building a Bear Trade Platform for Baylor students and faculties to sell and buy items 
          by playing bid. Eric was chosen as the team leader. Project vision was written. Github Webpage was initially built.  
          </p>
      </li>
         <li>Date: 9/21/2020</li>
      <li>Members in attendance: All</li>
      <li>Time: 7:00pm-9:00pm</li>
      <li>
          <p>Contents: Work is being distributed and assigned to each team member. Each member is responsible for writing fully addressed use cases, draw SSDs, use case diagrams, 
            system operaiton class diagram, and operation contracts. 
          </p>
      </li>
           <li>Date: 9/28/2020</li>
      <li>Members in attendance: All</li>
      <li>Time: 7:00pm-10:00pm</li>
      <li><p>Contents: Each diagram and required elements were collected. All of the files are pushed to the github and the link for downloading these files are created on the webpage for this project.  
         </p>
      </li>
      <li>Date: 9/29/2020</li>
      <li>Members in attendance: All</li>
      <li>Time: 11:00am-12:00pm</li>
      <li><p>Contents: We discussed about what changes to make to our iteration1 elements(mainly SSDs, domain model diagram, and refind use cases) based on the comments from the professor.  
         </p>
      </li>
       <li>Date: 9/30/2020</li>
      <li>Members in attendance: All</li>
      <li>Time: 8:00am-10:00pm</li>
      <li><p>Contents: Finalize the update of our iteration1. Setup iteration2 tasks and meeting times.  
         </p>
      </li>
            <li>Date: 10/25/2020</li>
      <li>Members in attendance: All</li>
      <li>Time: 7:00pm-10:00pm</li>
      <li><p>Contents: We talked about how to develop sequence diagrams and how to make modifications to the diagrams from iterationI. We also planned on how to do the GUI parts. 
         </p>
      </li>
      <li>Date: 10/28/2020</li>
      <li>Members in attendance: All</li>
      <li>Time: 8:00pm-12:00pm</li>
      <li><p>Contents: We mainly focused on working on the GUI and other required materials for iterationII. 
         </p>
      </li>
      <li>Date: 10/30/2020</li>
      <li>Members in attendance: All</li>
      <li>Time: 7:30:00pm-10:30pm</li>
      <li><p>Contents: We discussed about what changes to make to our iterationII elements(mainly SDs, Grasp analysis, and GUI) based on the comments from the professor.  
         </p>
      </li>
    </ul> 
</body>
</html>
